#3579 - Hierarchy, Deprecating paging option and mobileView option. (#3580)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## v4.27.0

> ### v4.27.0 Code Updates / Breaking Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### v4.27.0 Important Changes
```

> - `[Hierarchy]` Removing the following options `paging: <bool>` and `mobileView: <bool>`. Instead use `layout='paging'` or `layout='mobile-only'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Hierarchy]` Removed the following deprecated options `paging: <bool>` and `mobileView: <bool>`. Use `layout='paging'` or `layout='mobile-only'` instead.
```
